Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It started
as a tropical disturbance.
but in the last 24 hours.
Henry became a Category 2 hurricane…
From the 11:00 a.m.
advisory from the National…
…has Annieville
in the crosshairs of Henry.
This is expected to be a major…
…a buzz saw on satellite.
as it beelines toward our coast.
It shows the storm
making landfall near Annieville.
This is nothing to mess around with.
This is the harbormaster
out of Beaufort Weather Tower.
The National Hurricane Center
issued hurricane
and storm-surge warnings for this area.
I repeat. hurricane and storm warnings
have been issued for this area.
Winds of up to 150 knots. seas to 60 feet.
and a 15-to-20-foot storm surge
are to be expected.
Weather threats
ramping up throughout the day--
Save our planet!
It's the only one
with George. Garth. and Luke and Kate.
- Come on. now! Save us.
- 97.8. WVD…
Hey. Ray. how's it going?
Yeah. yeah. good. So. uh. today.
I was thinking something healthy.
Like a burger.
I mean. it still comes with tomato. right?
Mm-hmm. Yeah. no rush.
Just send it over as soon as…
Closing?
Now?
But…
I mean. it's just a little bit of…
rain.
The grocery stores are still open. huh?
I guess I could just…
Yeah. I guess I could just walk.
Yeah. all right. stay safe.
Mm-hmm. You too. bye.
Get in.
Good.
- Gotta go.
- All right.
I've got half a tank!
Whoa! Dakota!
You shouldn't be out here. It's not safe.
I needed food.
I haven't seen you in forever.
Not since your mom passed.
Look. they're saying
we should all get out of town.
We got room in the car.
Huh…
Mm…
Woo-hoo!
That looks like an 8.5
for my man. Ron Olsen!
Ron!
♪ Well burning the rubber
On my back tires… ♪
- Ron!
Ron?
Hey. stop fooling around. Ron.
Ron!
♪ I gotta keep moving on down the road ♪
Gotcha!
♪ The highwayman… ♪
It's the aqua-lungs. baby.
This rain won't let up.
Three more days of this.
-Then school.
-I don't wanna think about it.
Well. at least we gonna get fed every day.
Okay. Will. you're up.
Hold on. Quick gator-and-snake check.
- Safety first.
- All right.
We're good. Bombs away.
What the hell do y'all think you're doing?
Get on down. little bastards!
Don't you know
there's snakes in these swamps?
Dee was on lookout. Mr. Olson.
On lookout. What's she gonna be doing?
Spotting cottonmouths from up there?
Who do you think's picking up
the goddamn doctor's bill?
I'll tell you who.
-Billy Olson right here.
-Like you'd ever take us to the doctor.
What'd you say?
Nothing. that's right.
Get your asses in the truck right now.
All right.
Come on.
- Hey.
- Lisa. you're still here.
But not for long.
I thought everything was closing down?
Yeah. boss man wanted me to do
another load before they call it a day.
Guess who's getting overtime?
Where's Eric? He in the back?
All right. Bob. see you later. Drive safe.
Yeah. you too.
The wind is so strong.
Now those waves will come out to be
maybe six or even seven feet tall.
No. I haven't told anyone yet.
Lisa. honey.
Mom. it's embarrassing.
How is it embarrassing for you?
The jerk who left his pregnant fiancée
to become. what.
a professional poker player?
Yep. And a DJ.
After he asked you to move
a thousand miles to his town?
Ya know. I knew it.
I knew it the moment I laid eyes
on that no-good son of a bitch.
- Can we just not talk about him?
- Honey. did you give it any more thought?
-What?
-You know. the birth.
Like doing it in the tub.
in the water. like your sister did?
-Mom.
-It'll still be in a hospital.
Yes. yes. in room 202 in a big. comfy bed
with my perfectly-curated birth playlist.
Wait. why haven't you left town yet?
They said the storm's gonna be really big.
They made us come into work today.
It wasn't my choice. but I'm leaving now.
How you gonna do that?
They said they closed the interstate.
Wait. what?
They just closed the interstate.
Honey. you gotta get to higher ground.
Go. go. go!
Dale. how bad is it out there?
Pretty bad.
Every fish south of Bermuda is bolting
north to get away from this storm.
Must be a big one.
Oh. yeah. that's coming in fast too.
-Hey. did you get everyone tagged?
-Not even close.
Too many of them
seem to be coming in with the storm.
- Too many of them?
- The bull sharks.
Spotted at least six
before I had to get out of there.
Must be seeking shelter
in freshwater estuaries.
- Dr. Edwards?
- Greg.
- Hey.
- Thanks for the heads-up.
-Of course.
-How bad is it?
Yeah. If they ever consider
creating a Category 6. this would be it.
It is a monster.
-What are they calling it?
-Hurricane Henry.
Henry.
What would you call it?
Uh… Ted Bundy?
Oh.
I've got to get hold of my niece.
Okay. good idea.
- Hey.
- You okay?
Yeah. I was just. um…
What's up?
I was just calling to make sure
you have some way of leaving town.
If not. I could come pick you up in a bit.
-Thanks. but no need. I'm staying.
-They're saying it could be a Category 5.
It could land right on top of Annieville.
Which means
the house might come down on you.
You could be swimming inside your bedroom.
I dunno. Sounds kinda fun.
Look. you said it yourself.
"Could" or "might."
It's what they always say.
and everything turns out fine.
The house is safe.
And so am I.
Look. I know you're hurting. Dakota.
I miss your mother every day.
But hiding in that house isn't going
to make the hurt go away.
You really suck at this parenting stuff.
What can I say? I'm new at it.
Yeah. I know.
I'll be there as soon as I can. okay?
It'll only take a couple of hours.
Deal?
Deal.
You kids even listening to me?
I'm telling you. in fact. I swear to God.
you pull any of that shit again.
I'll send you back to foster care.
Stay tuned for…
Little shits. you don't know
your asses from a hole in the ground.
Law enforcement
have issued a mandatory evacuation.
telling residents
they must leave their homes
as the storm surge is expected
to hit shores within the next hour.
Lots of folks taking off.
-Breaking at this hour…
-Are we heading out too?
Bullshit. we are.
Ain't nothing but a little bit of weather.
Wind and rain. and these jokers dump a log
in their panties. run for the hills.
…biggest threat with…
♪ If it don't twang. it ain't my thing ♪
♪ If it don't hang
Like the midnight train ♪
♪ Or cry like a steel ♪
♪ Bending my old heartstrings ♪
Listen! I said Brooke is your mother's--
Get your finger out of my face!
- Out!
- All!
-I'm not crazy! You were eating my face!
-Gotta get out of the room.
-No. absolutely not.
-Call the police right now.
Look at the radar
of Hurricane Henry one hour ago.
It's a Category 2. and then it hits
record warm waters off the coast.
and boom. it becomes a Category 5.
Two swimmers were attacked
on Myrtle Beach this morning
by what onlookers say was a large shark.
- Get her!
- Gonna get you!
- That's my girl.
- Okay. let me show you.
Okay.
See? It's stable.
Much easier to hit.
One more time?
- You try.
- Okay.
You can do it. Good.
Try your dad.
Oh. boy. Ow!
-Bull's-eye!
-Yes!
You got him.
You're amazing.
What if the windows break?
Reinforced glass. all right?
I installed them bad boys myself.
That. the waterproof wiring.
and a generator.
So quit your goddamn worrying.
It's coming down out there!
I caught them little bastards
up by the creek swimming with damn snakes.
Swear to God. they do not have
the sense they were born with.
Do not know why I bother.
Oh. need I remind you. baby. huh? Huh?
Uncle Sam. he does pay out now and then.
Yeah.
We're hungry.
- Goddamn!
- Where did you come from?
Are those steaks?
It's none of your damn business!
Here.
Just like Mama used to make.
Hey. you know goddamn well
that this basement's off-limits.
-Right.
-Get your ass up there.
Dr. Edwards! Do you mind
if we speak to you for a moment?
Sorry. just… Any comment
on the shark incident this morning?
What incident?
A couple at Myrtle Beach
was attacked by a great white shark.
Eyewitnesses saw the whole thing.
spotted at least two sharks on the scene.
Great whites don't hunt in packs.
What you're describing
sounds like bull sharks.
Bull sharks. yes.
The hyenas of the ocean.
Thrives in salt and fresh water.
got 12 times as powerful bite
as most sharks.
and eats about anything they come across.
Not necessarily accurate
and greatly exaggerated.
Thank you very much.
-So…
-Come on.
The risk of shark attacks is on the rise.
according to the expert.
Hello?
Anybody here?
Fuck! Shit.
Okay.
- Hey.
- Honey?
Honey. ha-- have you got a plan?
Are you getting out of town?
Mom. it's getting scary.
I'm really worri--
Mom?
Breathe.
Just breathe.
Shit.
Roads are already impassable.
If you choose to shelter in place.
law enforcement
is telling residents that stayed
to write their contact information
on their arm in permanent marker.
so they'll be able to ID your body
once the storm passe--
Shit!
Lisa!
Stop!
- What?
- Turn around!
What?
That tree just came down.
nearly knocked me off the road!
You gotta turn around!
-You back up and follow me. okay?
-Okay.
Lisa! Lisa. go! Go!
Try to squeeze through!
Get to high ground!
Come on!
I can make it. Yeah. I can make it.
Ah!
Come on!
Piece of shit!
Oh. God! No!
Fucking go!
Fuck!
Holy fucking shit.
We are seeing the worst
of Henry's wind and surge right now.
The tide gauge
at Annieville showed a 15-foot surge--
What was that?
I hope that everyone took
the evacuation order seriously.
Whoa.
Storm's here.
-Mr. Olson?
-What?
Billy?
Mr. Olson!
For fuck's sake.
I am not gonna say this again. okay?
It's just a little bit of weather.
Ow!
Shit!
Oh. fuck. fuck. fuck!
Shit.
Oh. no.
Help! Help!
Please!
Please help!
Water's gonna keep rising.
We cannot stay. Billy.
So how we gonna get anywhere?
What are we gonna do? Fucking swim?
- I don't know!
- What about the snorkel?
Ain't that what the snorkel's for?
Quit being a smart-ass. Ron. Snorkel!
Sn-- No. the snorkel. On the car.
No. no. no. hang on.
The boy's right. The car's got a snorkel.
Yeah. man. that's the waterproof
power distribution pack I got.
Yeah. man.
That can handle it. Come on.
Y'all wait here while we check.
Oh my God!
Holy shit!
Can't see a damn thing!
Ah!
- Help!
- Whoa.
- Help me!
- Hey. do you hear that?
Hear what?
I can't hear a thing.
Help! Help me!
There's someone out there!
Help!
-Over there!
-Where you going?
- This way!
- Help!
-Hey!
-Wait there!
Help!
Somebody!
- Hey!
- Help! Help me!
- Please help me!
I'm coming!
Help!
Help! Help me!
I got you. I got you. You all right?
No. I'm stuck.
Hang on!
Come on.
Whoa. oh!
-Okay. okay.
-Please don't leave me.
We'll find something
to cut you loose with.
-Don't leave!
-Hey.
Don't worry. I'm not going anywhere. okay?
Hey. Jimmy!
Go get them cutters!
The big ones from the back of the truck!
Hey. what's your name?
Lisa… Lisa.
Lisa? Hey. I'm Scott.
Nice to meet you.
Yeah. Okay.
Jimmy!
Come on!
I got 'em!
I'm coming back!
Hey. we're gonna get you outta here.
I promise.
Jimmy?
Hey!
Jimmy!
- I'm coming back! It's all right.
- Wait.
Wait. Wait! Wait!
Come back! Come back!
Come back! Hey!
Jimmy.
Hey. Jimmy!
Jimmy!
Oh. God!
-Jimmy!
-He got my fucking arm!
- Oh. God!
- Jimmy!
Oh. God!
Jimmy!
Sha-- Shark!
Shark! Shark! Shark!
Swim!
-Shark! Shark!
-Whoa!
Swim!
Shark!
I got you!
The coastguard issued a ban
for watercrafts leaving port
for the next 12 hours
due to intense winds
and dangerous currents.
In addition. there are also reports
that the I-17 is flooded.
and several cities and towns
are experiencing mass casualties
from the rising water.
I-17. not good.
- Up toward Annieville. right?
- Yeah.
Dale. I'm-- I'm sure she's okay.
Jesus. look at it!
Oh. those used to be roads.
That amount of water?
The levees must have broken.
How are we gonna get up there?
Okay. so just-- so we're clear.
we get you up the road. you and your boat.
and. uh. we get to tag along from there?
We film whatever we want.
Yeah. yeah. sure.
But can this thing go any faster?
Not really.
They like to keep. uh. Doug and me here
with the hand-me-downs.
Piece-of-crap van's over 20 years old.
I mean. look at that camera.
They shoot porn
on better stuff than that.
Billy!
Billy. slow down!
- Slow down? You hurry the fuck up.
- Wait up. damn it!
Okay. come on.
What?
Shit!
Goddamn it!
Fucking ruined. man.
What? What the fuck was that?
-I don't know.
-There's a lot of shit in the water.
Find this fucking key.
Oh my God! Billy!
Get off!
Billy!
Rachel!
No.
Bi-- Billy!
Hey!
Billy! Billy. no!
Rachel!
Hey. Mr. Olson!
Hey!
- Don't leave us!
- Billy!
-Shark!
-A shark!
Shark! Shark!
No. Billy. don't!
-No!
-No! Billy!
Fuck!
You son of a… Fuck!
Fuck. Fuck!
No! No! No!
Does this mean
we have to get new foster parents?
-Oh my God!
-Holy--
Don't look. Will. Don't look.
Help!
Please help!
The branches. Can't get them off me!
Help!
Please help me!
Hello?
Look. I'm-- I'm calling for help. okay?
Just… just. just stay there!
I'm stuck!
I'm stuck. and the water's rising!
I'm calling.
Look. I'm calling right now. okay?
-No. there's no time!
-I mean. there's sharks all around you!
They just ripped two people
to fucking pieces!
Trust me. I know.
Okay. listen. Hey. what's your name?
Dakota!
Dakota. I'm pregnant.
And I'm not…
I am not gonna have him die here.
before he gets to take his first breath.
Before I get to see… see his face.
Dakota?
Are you still there?
Oh!
Come on. Come on.
God. help me.
Please!
Okay. I'm coming!
Okay. Oh my God.
Okay.
Okay…
You're okay. You're okay.
You got this.
I got this.
Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Come on. You can do it.
Not now.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. you got it!
Okay.
That's it!
Thank you.
14 inches of rain
falling in the last 12 hours.
Even as Hurricane Henry moves inland.
a PDS flood alert has been issued.
Shit.
The Willow River has jumped its banks.
and the Shasta…
Jesus Christ.
-A flood alert…
-What am I looking at?
That's Dakota's house. And that's…
That's Nellie.
What's a Nellie?
Nellie's the pregnant great white
we've been tracking the last three years.
Great white. as in shark?
Right.
Whatever happens.
you keep that thing rolling. okay?
If Nellie found a way up there.
then maybe the bull sharks--
Jesus Christ.
Oh. shit.
-Shit.
-Do you think they're already inside?
We should close it.
Till we figure out what we're doing.
Come on.
- Dee!
- Whoa!
-Shit! Dee!
-Dee!
Dee! Hold on!
Dee. hold on!
- Ron!
- Shit!
Dee.
I'm coming. Dee!
No. Ron! No!
- Ron!
- I'm coming. hold on!
Ron!
You're all right. It's all right.
It's fine. Hey. hey. hey. Hey. it's okay.
What was that?
The whole town's coming apart.
Thank you.
Are you here alone?
Yeah.
Where are your parents?
Dad died a long time ago. and…
Mom-- my mom a few months back.
I'm sorry.
So what do we…?
What do we do? What's our plan?
You're asking me?
I am from New York.
I don't know shit
about floods or hurricanes.
Uh…
We could stay here.
Here is-- Here is safe.
For now.
Can you. uh…?
Can you access the roof from here?
Yeah. it's an easy climb.
Okay. so i-- if we stay here.
we should let people know we're inside.
You know. helicopters. rescue teams.
those sorts of things?
Okay. uh…
Yeah. like some… some sort of signal.
Yeah. a sig-- A signal.
Okay.
Huh…
Ooh. Ugh.
-Hm…
-You okay?
Yeah.
I'm fine. but. uh…
I think it's starting.
S-- starting. you mean. like. the…
-Like. the actual--
-Yeah.
The actual.
Okay.
We gotta get outta here.
Are you crazy?
There-- there's sharks out there. in here.
Except for on top of this damn table.
Where I'm staying.
I don't wanna go nowhere.
Look around.
The water was just under the windows.
Not anymore. it's creeping up.
It's gonna keep doing that
until we drown or get eaten.
So. how do we even--
I think we need to distract them.
Or… Or find something.
Give us enough time
to get outside and up on that roof.
How the hell are we gonna do that?
Well…
I was thinking.
maybe we can find something.
Okay?
Down in the basement.
Did it work?
Yeah.
Someone flies by. they'll see us.
Hey. look.
The contractions. they're…
They're more frequent.
-Oh. shit.
-"Shit" is right.
Now listen. we need to know how close I am
and how much time we've got.
Why?
Why? 'Cause this whole damn house
is coming apart. that's why.
Or it's gonna flood over.
Exactly.
Yeah. Okay.
All right. so… how do we do it?
How do we find out?
Okay. I'm gonna need you to go down there.
I'm gonna need you
to see how big my opening is.
-Excuse me?
-Trust me.
I don't wanna do this
any more than you do.
-We need to know how far along I am.
-Which means?
You need to see
how close my kid is to squeezing through.
-What?!
-Now. I'm gonna throw the blanket aside.
When I do. take a good look in there.
You're gonna measure it with your eyes.
and you're gonna tell me
how big the opening is.
-How? How do I measure it?
-Just eye measure it. okay? Best you can.
-In inches or…?
-Yes!
-In inches.
-Okay.
Okay.
Three. two. one.
Oh. God!
What?
Something wrong? Does it look bad?
-I'm not really sure.
-What do you mean you're not sure?
I mean. I see something.
Something inside there.
-I think. Sorry.
-Okay.
That-- that-- I think that's the head.
-Yeah. Yeah. maybe.
-How big is it?
Okay.
I'd say… I'd say…
Two. three inches. I think.
Was that good?
"Good" in the sense
that the baby's coming soon.
So not good?
Not in the situation we're currently in.
No.
Come on. everyone. Pick up the pace!
We lost signal.
There's no tracking. no maps.
Oh. shit.
Wind's coming in pretty hard right now.
The whole grid is probably down.
Dakota's probably cut off too.
We might be the only help coming.
We gotta go.
Hey. pack light.
The more weight. the slower we move. okay?
Uh… are you sure this is safe?
We're heading up the I-17
in a Zodiac in a Category 5 storm
with sharks on the loose!
No. I'm pretty fucking sure
that doesn't count as safe.
We don't have time
for any of this bullshit.
Are you coming. or are you swimming back?
If the tech's down.
how do we even know where to go?
All right! Let's move!
Look. there's one.
There's one over there too.
What are we gonna do. Ron?
Okay.
We just wait 'em out
before swimming down there.
Saw some big-ass steaks in the fridge.
Should be good as bait.
Perfect. I'll start there.
Then what?
Yeah.
Guns. I guess.
Don't grab too much stuff.
You gotta be able to swim back up.
It's just like the swamps.
I'll be all right.
Ron?
Mr. Olson doesn't like us
going down to the basement.
Well…
Mr. Olson ain't with us anymore now.
is he?
Uh-uh.
Right.
Well. then…
Fuck Mr. Olson!
- Yeah.
Fuck him.
-Yeah.
Fuck Mr. Olson!
-Yeah. fuck Mr. Olson!
-Fuck that dickhead.
Fuck that motherfucker!
-Fuck him!
-Fuck that fucking-- Fuck Mr. Olson!
What the hell?
Mr. Olson!
We were just talking about you.
That goddamn thing
bit my motherfucking arm
and butt cheek clean off!
We're heading
up the I-17 right now. on boat.
I'm sorry. did you say boat?
Don't ask. Long story.
But this should keep us clear
of the worst of it. right?
Yeah. You're in one of the calmer pockets.
so you're good for now.
Great. Let's keep it that way.
Hey. Dale?
The levee is broken.
The water is just gonna keep rising.
so if you're getting someone out. hurry.
It's rising. fast.
We don't have a choice.
We have to get outta here.
You said you saw a boat out there?
Yeah. it's from those guys earlier.
The ones that…
But. I mean. it's far.
We can still stay here for a bit.
Everything's gonna flood eventually.
Okay. Okay. so…
So what do we do?
Ooh.
Damn.
No.
God.
Hey.
It's not safe out here right now. okay?
It's not safe.
So you just gotta stay in there
just a little longer. okay?
Please. Please.
Fuck it.
What are you doing?
I'm gonna go get that boat.
But there's sharks out there.
My uncle once said something
about how vibrations.
they mimic the distress signals
of… of injured fish.
Your uncle?
Yeah. he's a marine biologist.
He works with sharks.
Tags 'em. tracks 'em. that sort of thing.
I need to round up anything
that works on batteries and vibrates.
Hey. do you have any painkillers?
You know. in case this thing
is really… happening now.
Uh. lemme check.
All right.
Here.
Thanks.
Motherfucker.
Smart.
Yeah. well.
Let's hope Uncle Dale knows
what the fuck he's talking about.
Okay. now. Nellie.
We know she's bigger than this boat.
- And what about those bull sharks?
- Wanna know about bull sharks?
What the hell is…
Look!
Holy shit.
Dakota?
Thank you.
What about your mom. Rachel?
She… she make it?
You left us.
- What are you talking about?
- Out there.
You were gonna get
in that truck and drive off.
Yeah. to get some help.
Yeah. right.
Hey. don't you sass me. Ray.
It's Ron!
That's what I said. man.
I went to get help. Ron.
Now you got to do the same for me.
Get out there. man. get me some help.
I got. like. a-- a goddamn nub here.
Out there?
Yeah. in the water.
Where there's at least
three bull sharks swimming around?
Where your wife just got killed?
Yeah. you know what sharks are like. okay?
They don't eat kids. man.
They don't like 'em.
Right? They don't like the way they taste
or smell or something. It's… It's science.
Just like how. uh.
dogs don't eat their own turds.
One time. Johnny Watkins' dog
took a shit and ate it all.
Fuck Johnny Watkins. okay?
Fuck his dog. and fuck you. okay?
Get in there. get me some help.
I'm fucking dying here.
Whoa.
-This is a lot of money.
-Put that down. man. That's not yours.
"United States Treasury."
"Monthly foster stipend. $1.500."
You get all that money to take care of us?
You living on steaks while we eat bread?
Hey. it's not like that. son. okay?
I-- I promise.
I-- I-- I love you kids.
You know what? Listen.
I still got one good arm left.
Don't think I won't use it.
I'm not fucking asking you now!
I'm telling you!
Get back in that fucking water. go get--
In case you haven't noticed. Billy.
it's all flooded.
There's no people.
No roads. no cars.
Not to mention.
there's goddamn sharks out there.
So you can do it your fucking self.
You money-grabbing. one-armed.
half-an-ass piece of shit!
Little son of a bitch!
You little asshole!
You kicked me in my face. you bitch!
Hey. go! Go. go.
While they're busy. go!
Go! Hurry!
Come on. Ron!
- Come on!
- Come on. Ron!
Shit!
Ooh. it's okay. It's all right.
You're okay.
It's all right. Whoa. it's okay.
We're okay.
Come on. Come on.
Shit!
Where the hell are they going?
After 17 inches of rain.
several towns are cut off
from any rescue attempts.
And multiple rivers jumping their banks.
causing even more deadly flooding.
There has been no communication
from Sandy Beach. Annieville. or Whitford.
We're sending out prayers
to the people of those towns.
I can't imagine
the dangers they're facing.
Jesus Christ.
Everything's flooded.
I've never seen anything like this.
Just go straight through.
We should be able
to reach Annieville from the west.
Why did you decide to study sharks?
Isn't the idea usually
to stay away from them. not get closer?
I grew up by the banks
of the Zambezi River.
It's a beautiful place.
But there's one animal
we fear the most in the river.
Sharks.
No. the hippopotamus.
They are fast. powerful.
and extremely territorial.
One day.
I was looking for crayfish in the river.
when a hippo appeared and came for me.
I heard my mother scream
on the riverbank. and I froze.
And just when he was about to take me.
he suddenly stopped and twitched.
like he was being choked or something.
Two powerful bull sharks
were attacking it.
And in that moment. I saw something
in the eyes of the hippopotamus
I had never seen before.
Fear.
So did you run back to your hut
and get a spear?
No. I ran back to my apartment.
called the police. and had me some pizza.
We lived in Mozambique.
not the fucking Jungle Book.
Oh.
Sorry.
And so. from that moment on.
I became really interested
in this creature
that can put fear
in the eyes of a river hippo.
Did you ever find anything
that these bull sharks are afraid of?
They just don't like bigger sharks.
And certain electrical currents
can disorient them.
So otherwise. they don't do fear.
Signal's back up!
Oh. Jesus.
What is that?
The dots? Sharks.
That's Annieville.
Wait. slow down.
Okay.
Dakota!
Oh. no.
There it is. He's coming.
Gotta fucking relax.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
You got this. Relax.
Okay.
♪ Making my way downtown. walking fast ♪
♪ Faces pass and I'm homebound ♪
♪ Staring-- ♪
Are those T-bones?
I wouldn't know. Never had one.
But they'll do the trick.
Yeah.
For what?
That depends what's in this box.
What about guns?
Couldn't get 'em loose.
Come on.
Now. come on.
♪ And I need you ♪
Oh!
♪ And I miss you ♪
♪ And now I wonder ♪
♪ If I could fall into the sky ♪
Okay.
-♪ Do you think time would pass me by? ♪
-Yes. Oh my God.
One more big push.
♪ I'd walk a thousand miles ♪
Motherfucker!
All right. Okay.
Okay.
You can do this. You can do this.
Where are you?
Mommy's got you.
I got you. Yes. Yes.
Oh. yes.
You're okay.
-Mommy's got you.
-Lisa!
Fuck!
Mommy's here.
Mommy's just gotta fight
some fucking sharks!
Fuck! No!
Lisa. I'm almost there!
Hang on!
Lisa!
Oh. shit! Okay.
Wait. what was the plan again?
Throw the meat. wait for sharks
to go crazy. and boom! Up they go.
Right. Okay. fire in the hole.
Throw it!
What the hell?
Where are they at?
Vibrations. That's what makes them attack.
I saw it on Shark Week.
He's right!
Come on. move your asses!
- Come on.
- Come on. sharks!
Come on. come get us. Come on. get us!
Come get us!
-Come on! We're right here!
-Shit! Here they come!
Shit!
Jesus.
Fuck! Go. go!
Come on. hurry up! Come on. hurry!
Goddamn it. I hate this sweater!
- Ron. get moving!
- Hurry up!
Get moving. Ron!
Will!
Ron! Hurry up!
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Hey. I got him.
Gimme your hand. come on.
Here you go.
Uncle Dale!
This better work.
One more coming!
Holy fucking shit.
Joe Sprinkle.
welcome to fucking prime time.
- Hurry. hurry!
- It's gonna blow!
Hey. Will. I bet
you never saw this on Shark Week.
It worked. It worked. It worked!
It worked! It worked!
-We got it!
-We got it. Dee!
Yeah!
-It worked!
-Woo-hoo!
Come on. give me your hand. Come on.
Up!
Come on.
Hey. Wait!
Yeah!
Yay! We did it!
Let's get the fuck outta here.
Whoo!
- Uncle… Uncle Dale.
- Yeah.
You're safe now.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
It's all right. You're safe. You're safe.
- Brian. get us the hell outta here.
- You got it.
Hey. Can I…?
Yeah. yeah. Yeah.
Thanks.
Lisa. Oh. thank God. honey.
Are you okay? I-- I-- I--
I couldn't get through to you. I tried.
-I was so worried! I heard nothing.
-Mom? Mom! Meet your grandson.
Oh. he's beautiful.
Where are we headed. Ron?
Home.
Where's that?
Don't know.
Somewhere safe.
Maybe Florida.
♪ Our hearts are free ♪
♪ So tell me
What's wrong with the feeling… ♪
It seems
like lately. every month.
there's another
once-every-100-years storm.
Hurricane Henry has hit the East Coast.
decimating the small town of Annieville.
This powerful storm washed away the levees
and brought something into town
that was never supposed to be there.
♪ I want real love. baby ♪
♪ Ooh. don't leave me waiting ♪
♪ I've got real love maybe ♪
♪ Wait until you taste me ♪
♪ I want real love. baby… ♪
Your mother would be very proud
of you right now. Very proud.
♪ Got the key. just use it
Just if for a minute… ♪
She was proud of me when I was 6
and outlined my hand
and turned it into a turkey.
- Right.
- So yeah. I think you're right.
♪ I want real love. baby
Ooh. don't leave me waiting ♪
♪ I've got real love. maybe
Wait until you taste me ♪
♪ I want real love. baby ♪
Oh. fuck me.
♪ I can see clearly now
The rain is gone ♪
♪ I can see all obstacles in my way ♪
♪ Gone are the dark clouds
That had me blind ♪
-♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪
-♪ Bright ♪
♪ Sun-shiny day ♪
-♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪
-♪ Bright ♪
♪ Sun-shiny day ♪
♪ I think I can make it now
The pain is gone ♪
♪ All of the bad feelings
Have disappeared ♪
♪ Here is the rainbow
I've been prayin' for ♪
-♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪
-♪ Bright ♪
♪ Sun-shiny day ♪
♪ Look all around
There's nothin' but blue skies ♪
♪ Look straight ahead
Nothin' but blue skies ♪
♪ I can see clearly now
The rain is gone ♪
♪ I can see all obstacles in my way ♪
♪ Gone are the dark clouds
That had me blind ♪
-♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪
-♪ Bright ♪
♪ Sun-shiny day ♪
-♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪
-♪ Bright ♪
♪ Sun-shiny day ♪
-♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪
-♪ Bright ♪
♪ Sun-shiny day ♪
-♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪
-♪ Bright ♪
♪ Sun-shiny day ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today